CPP-5239 Migrate to compilation database output format (#4)
sonarsource-cfamily-examples/macos-xcode-azure-sq: README.adoc

* Choose "Use standalone scanner" (`scannerMode: 'CLI'`)
* Choose "Manually provide configuration"
* Specify the "Project Key" and the "Sources directory root"
* In "Additional Properties" in the "Advanced" section, add
+
--
** the property `sonar.cfamily.compile-commands` with, as its value, `bw-output/compile_commands.json`, if you are using SonarQube version 10.6 or later 
** the property `sonar.cfamily.build-wrapper-output`, with value `bw-output`, if you are using SonarQube version 10.5 or earlier, as build-wrapper did not generate a `compile_commands.json` file before SonarQube 10.6
** 
--
+
Noting that `bw-output` is the directory passed to build wrapper as `--out-dir`
.. Add a task to download the https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analyzing-source-code/languages/c-family/#using-build-wrapper[Build Wrapper]

> .. Wrap your compilation with the Build Wrapper, specifying the output directory `out-dir`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Wrap your compilation with the Build Wrapper, specifying the output directory `bw-output`
```
`out-dir` is not used as the name of the directory as far as I can see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Wrap your compilation with the Build Wrapper, specifying the same output directory used in "Additional Properties".
```
I would suggest something like this instead (we already have a comment above about `bw-output`). Let me know what you think.

Author: > I would suggest something like this instead (we already have a comment above about bw-output). Let me know what you think.

Actually I think this is somewhat confusing, as in one of the case you are passing the compilation database and not the output folder in the additional properties

Reviewer: Fair point. There is a sentence at the end of "Additional properties" that mentions the output directory specifically after both cases, so I am trying to refer to that sentence here.

Let me know if you have other suggestions to avoid confusion. We can also discuss them in a call if you find this easier...
